# Midway-Bootcamp-Project
Midway Bootcamp Project (Classification)

In this project I have ben given a prompt as a risk analyst with a bank. This "bank" i am analyzing also provides credit card services which is a main source of revenue for the bank. They have set aside information about their customers to try to determine what factors affect a customer to accept this credit card service the bank is providing or not. With the information i must make decisions as to what customer factors genuinly play a role in accepting the bank's offer. In order to start making accurate assumptions on what affects this business problem, i must understand the data first. To do this I go through every column to predetermine how useful they will be to my argument based on its contents. I need to understand the data thoroughly so i can actually understand why some clients of the bank accept the offer, while others decline it. The dataset came with the headers of every column actually being the first value for that column. i had to convert these headers to the real header names of the dataset. I then checked for values in the columns that were empty. Since there were so few, i just deleted them. this is so they don't influence my predictions later on. If there were more, i would have to figure out how to make them into real values that make sense, so i wouldnt just lose that heavy amount of data. I then visualized the data through different charts. This helps me visually see the distribution and familiarities of these columns within the dataset. I now split the columns into a x and y variable. The x represents all the columns that i think will help me understand why some people accept the offer versus reject it. The y represents the column that i am targeting. This column is the "offer accepted" column and its values are yes and no. This way i can compare columns and see similarities based on if they accepted the credit card offer or not. I then split the x column into categorical and numeric data. This makes it easier to simplify the data before performing anything on them. I then prepaare to perform a model on the data. This model  will be tested to show the accuracy. The accuracy was not ideal, but with the operations i performed it simplified the data and helped understand which factors really have to do with if  client accepts or declines the offer.
